There are two notebooks, one for each Question.
For both the questions, I have taken the S&P500 Index and Apple Stock.

Q1:
  Every day in the first (09:30) entry of S&P500, the volume was shown to be 0 while other values were present.
  This was not the case with the Apple stock which had no 0 entries.
  There was a significant difference between the hourly and the corresponding daily values:
    a. The opening price for 9:30 was not the opening price for the day, similarly for the closing price.
    b. The highs and lows of daily data are not highs and lows of any hour.
  These differences indicate that the hourly data is raw and not adjusted like the daily data.
  I have calculated the cumulative return over a period as the return on an investment while all the daily returns during said period are reinvested.
  I have used the adjusted closing price for calculating the daily and cumulative returns to accommodate for splits and dividends.
  Apple provided a 75% higher cumulative return over a 1 year period as compared to the S&P500 Index.
  The daily returns of Apple fluctuated highly, both gaining and losing more than 4% on certain days.
  The S&P500 Index seemed more stable, having a lower range of daily returns.
  The trends in both seemed highly correlated, rising and falling together. However, these trends affected Apple with higher magnitude. 
  Hence Apple has a positive beta higher than 1.0 (of S&P500).

Q2:
  Friday had the highest Closing Price on Average, followed by Monday.
  The middle of the week had lower closing prices on average although the difference was marginal. 
  Volume traded on average was significantly higher on Friday as compared to the other week days. (I checked for volume instead of closing price at first)
  The 7day rolling mean reflected the general trend of the closing price, with daily fluctuations comparatively smoothened out.
  However, the graph seemed to be shifted to the right while showing the general trend as it is calculated as an average of the past 7 days' values and hence reflects trend changes later than they occur.
  Thus the rolling mean could be used as a simple trend indicator, with the assumption that a rising rolling mean shows an upward trend that will continue and vice versa.
  This can be used to generate buy/sell signals, buying when the rolling mean starts increasing and selling when it starts decreasing.
  However, simply using the rolling mean as an indicator to trigger buy/sell signals could result in missing trend reversals and hence would not make for a very good strategy.
  We could possibly use rolling means with two different windows, one short and one long, to identify possible trend reversals.
  If both show similar (rising or falling) trand, then this could indicate a strong continuing trend.
  However, if one changes direction against the other, it could indicate at a possible trend reversal.
  This could help the strategy take advantage of both the faster reaction time of a shorter window while also considering the general trend and immunity to random fluctuations that a longer window provides.
